docker: data dir & user permissions, install ca-certificates, better data dir location, more. (#58)
algorand/conduit: docs/Docker.md

## Run with conduit.yml

> With `conduit.yml` in your current working directory, it can be mounted directoy to `/data/conduit.yml`. This is good for testing and some deployments which override the starting round. For a more complete deployment see the next section for how to mount the entire data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `conduit.yml` in your current working directory, it can be mounted directly to `/data/conduit.yml`. This is good for testing and some deployments which override the starting round. For a more complete deployment see the next section which explains how to mount the entire data directory.
```

With `conduit.yml` in your current working directory,
launch the container:
```
docker run -it -v $(pwd)/conduit.yml:/data/conduit.yml algorand/conduit
```

> # Mounting the Data Directory

Reviewer: Maybe switch the this section `# Mounting the Data Directory` with the previous `## Run with conduit.yml`? That's because the previous command is mounting and the later section explains mounting.

Author: I was thinking that Mounting the data directory is more involved when it comes to permissions compared to only mounting `conduit.yml`. Maybe both sections should be combined somehow.

Reviewer: You can just refer to the next section by saying something like
```
...in your current working directory, launch the container. Notice that we're mounting the `conduit.yml` in our current working directory to `data/conduit.yml` in the container (see the next section):
```

Reviewer: Now that I think more about it, isn't it preferred to mount the directories as opposed to the config file?

The data directory is located at `/algod/data`. Mounting a volume at that location will allow you to resume the deployment from another container.

## Volume Permissions

> The container executes in the context of the `algorand` user with UID=999 and GID=999 which is handled differently depending on your operating system or deployment platform. During startup the container temporarily runs as root in order to modify the permissions of /data. It then changes to the `algorand` user. This can sometimes cause problems, for example if your deployment platform doesn't allow containers to run as the root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container executes in the context of the `algorand` user with UID=999 and GID=999 which is handled differently depending on your operating system or deployment platform. During startup the container temporarily runs as root in order to modify the permissions of `/data`. It then changes to the `algorand` user. This can sometimes cause problems, for example if your deployment platform doesn't allow containers to run as the root user.
```

With `conduit.yml` in your current working directory,
launch the container:
```
docker run -it -v $(pwd)/conduit.yml:/data/conduit.yml algorand/conduit
```

# Mounting the Data Directory

For production deployments, you should consider mounting the entire data directory. This way you can persist state across images during an upgrade, or for backups. The data directory is located at `/data`. When mounting a data directory, it must contain the `conduit.yml` file.

```
docker run -it -v $(pwd)/local_data_dir:/data algorand/conduit
```

## Volume Permissions

The container executes in the context of the `algorand` user with UID=999 and GID=999 which is handled differently depending on your operating system or deployment platform. During startup the container temporarily runs as root in order to modify the permissions of `/data`. It then changes to the `algorand` user. This can sometimes cause problems, for example if your deployment platform doesn't allow containers to run as the root user.

### Use specific UID and GID

> On the host system, ensure the directory being mounted uses UID=999 and GID=999. If the directory already has these permissions you may override the default user with `-u 999:999`.

Reviewer 2: Why would I want to override the default user with 999:999 if it already has those permissions?

Author: If you don't want the container to start as the root user. Added a clarifying comment.
